1. Which features are most relevant?

indicating higher applicant engagement/desire before depositing, which should be correlated to conversion:
num_inbound_emails, 
num_inbound_calls, 
received_docs,
referrer - is this clients referred by an RB,


Likely clients from particular countries will be more prone to depositing, as I belive FXCM has a client prioritization system based on 'country'. This prioritization should affect account opening time, Sales efforts and Marketing's client targeting.
country,
num_outbound_emails,
num_outbound_calls


2. What feature engineering would you consider doing?

- reformat features to numerical values
- using feature characteristics to remove irrelevant records ('application_type', 'screening_status', more details in the notebook)
- identify and analyze missing values
	- substitute missing values where possible ('batch_result')
	- drop features where missing values substitution is not possible
	- drop subset of records where values are missing for multiple features

3. What features would you *not* consider using and why?

These seem to me the least correlated with a client's likelyhood to deposit:

base_ccy - might be related to deposit methods difficulty/complexity, but is unlikely to be that infuential in terms of deposit likelyhood
entity - should be somewhat correlated to 'country'. If 'country' is used it could lead to multicollinearity. Perhaps it can be used instead of country
server - different values should be internal decision based on multitude of factors and not a variable explicitly related to the client's profile
house_name - this one should be correlated to country and referrer (RB?). Perhaps it can be used instead of country and referrer
org - Organization? should be entirely depended on country, thus, it does not bring new information to the analysis
application_type - the majority of applications are Individual in this dataset (Corporate/Trust excluded, ~97.6% of the total), thus, majority of converted accounts will be Individual (likely 97% of the time). This variable is not very variable :D. + Joint accounts were recently discontinued as an option, thus, this feature will not be useful in new application predictions.
kyc_status - this feature has too many missing values. 73% of the records do not have kyc_status, thus, it would not meaningfully contribute to the model's estimation

4. What considerations / concerns would you have regarding this dataset?

Main concern is that most features are FXCM's internal decisions indicators based primarily on country of residence. I would like to see more features related to the client's risk tolerance profile. Although country of residence is a major indicator of the client's risk tolerance profile, the rest seem correlated to country, apart from inbound calls/emails.

5. What additional features would you request (no more than 5 suggestions are necessary)?

Features more personally related to the client:
employment and financial information
repeat applicant - is this the client's first application?
age
gender
FX experience

Bonus research question: Are immigrants more risk tolerant? (this can be tested
 with the applicaiton information we have)